***Integration Disclaimers***
 
Integration Guide, Sample Code, and Examples Disclaimer.
Any example or sample code is provided on an "as-is" basis without warranty of any kind, expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and/or fitness for a particular purpose.  The intent of any example or sample provided by TransFirst is to show posting URLs and/or field data to submit.  These examples and samples are provided to you as a starting point for development, are supplied for reference purposes only, and may be incomplete.  Some functionality documented in TransFirst’s integration guides may not be thoroughly tested and may not be ready for production use.  TransFirst does not warrant or guaranty the success users or developers may have in implementing code in their development platforms or in using their own web server configurations based on this integration guide, any examples, or any samples provided by TransFirst. TransFirst shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, or consequential damages or costs of any type arising from any action taken by any party.  Use of TransFirst’s systems and/or Transaction Central gateway, web services, or virtual terminal constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions by any user, merchant, or developer.

Merchant Credentials Security Disclaimer.
All merchants and developers are responsible for ensuring the security of the Merchant ID and RegKey values. These field values should be kept invisible to anyone who can access integrated systems/software, websites/web pages, and web page source code.

Address Verification (AVS) & Card Verification (CVV2, CVC2, CID) Response Handling Disclaimer.
Card-issuing institutions authorize and decline transactions per their own authorization guidelines.  Transaction approvals may or may not be affected by address verification and/or card verification data provided by the merchant.  Transaction Central reports address verification and card verification responses as received from such institutions but Transaction Central DOES NOT control authorizations or declines with respect to any address verification and/or card verification responses.
